Hey everyone. Welcome back to Movie
Recap. Today I'm gonna show you 2015
erotic psychological thriller
film called, The Boy Next Door.
Claire Peterson is on the verge of divorcing her
husband Garrett after he was caught cheating with
his secretary. She kicks him out and it causes
a rift between both of them and their son Kevin.
Claire's best friend Vicky Lansing stands by her
and urges her to sign the divorce papers
immediately and leave Garrett for good.
For Kevin's birthday, Garrett shows up for
dinner. He invites Claire and Kevin to a
fishing trip following a business
trip he's taking in San Francisco,
which is where his affair took
place. Claire declines the invitation
but allows Kevin to join his father. She
is still very much hurt by the deception.
One day, Claire is getting ready to take
Kevin out when their garage door gets stuck.
Claire goes to push it open and is helped by
a young man named Noah Sandborn. He is the
nephew of Claire's wheelchair-bound neighbor.
Noah offers to help fix the garage door. He
goes with Kevin to the hardware store. After
they leave, Noah's uncle tells Claire that
Noah's parents died the previous year
and he is still coping with the loss.
The boys walk to the hardware store, and Kevin
learns that Noah is going to attend the same
high school as him, where Claire happens to
be a teacher. After they get their stuff,
Kevin notices a girl from his school that works
there named Allie Callahan. He has a crush on her
but is too nervous around her. Noah persuades him
to go up and talk to her. As Kevin goes to pay,
Noah introduces himself to Allie. Moments
later, three punks on skateboards led
by a guy named Jason Zimmer come in and
harass Kevin in front of Allie and Noah.
Noah spends a lot of time with Kevin while his
uncle is in the hospital, and Claire invites him
to have lunch with them and Vicky. Claire mentions
that she teaches classic literature at school,
prompting Noah to quote Homer and express
his love for "The Iliad". Claire is clearly
impressed by this. Later, Noah notices a
pair of stilettos that Claire keeps in a box,
which she says were a gift from Vicky. Noah
comments that the shoes are for women who try
to be sexy, and that Claire doesn't need to
try. He apologizes for sounding too forward.
With Kevin and Garrett away on their
trip, Claire is getting ready to go out.
She looks out the window and
sees Noah naked in his room.
He spots her watching him, but
she hides behind the curtains.
Claire goes on a double date with Vicky and
her boyfriend Ethan with his buddy Couper at
a restaurant. Couper is a douchebag that insults
Claire's fondness for classic literature and calls
her a firecracker when she defends her opinion.
She also notices him checking out a waitress.
Claire leaves the restaurant and goes home.
Noah calls Claire and tells her he tried
defrosting a chicken in a microwave.
He asks her to come over and help him cook it
properly. She ends up going over and staying
to eat the chicken with him after they cook it
properly. Noah continues to flirt with Claire,
and while she is interested, she feels it would
be wrong. Noah starts to kiss her and feel her up,
leaving her unable to resist. They end up
having very passionate meat injection session.
The next morning, Claire starts to regret what
happened the previous night. She tells Noah
what they did was wrong. But it makes him so angry
that he punches a wall and bloodies his knuckles.
Kevin and Garrett return from their
trip. They have lunch with Claire,
when Noah shows up moments later.
Claire brings in a plate of cookies,
and Noah asks her if she told the guys
what happened while they were gone.
She says there was a big rainstorm, to which Noah
smugly remarks that it got very wet over there.
Kevin offers him a cookie, and Noah
responds, "I love your mother's cookies."
The school year begins, and as
Claire begins her first class,
the principal comes in and tells her that Noah is
joining their class, since he made it appear as
though Claire requested him to transfer into her
class. She realizes that he hacked her computer.
Kevin and Noah hang out, despite Claire
starting to feel uncomfortable with Noah.
Noah takes Kevin to the woods
with a gun belonging to his uncle.
He sets up a line of oranges and manipulates Kevin
into hating his father for cheating on Claire.
This is present at the dinner table when
Garrett comes over and Kevin yells at him.
Kevin joins Noah at the school gym and he
takes out his frustration on a punching bag.
Kevin overexerts himself
and starts to go into shock.
Noah rushes to the locker and grabs Kevin's
epipen. He sticks it in Kevin's leg and saves him.
Vicky brings Claire some flowers at work
that they both believe came from Garrett.
Claire calls him and he denies sending
anything. She figures that Noah sent them
and she confronts him in the gym. A teacher
notices this and sees her shove Noah.
Kevin goes back to the hardware
store to ask Allie out to a movie.
She says she can't, but she would
like to go with him to the fall fling.
Claire and Garrett go out on a date,
and he starts to get handsy with her.
She is still upset over the affair,
but Garrett truly wants to start fresh.
Noah notices all this and he angrily
confronts Claire about it the next morning.
Kevin catches them, and, since he's still upset
with his parents, he rides to school with Noah.
Jason and his buddies go over to Kevin and bug
him. Kevin steps up to confront Jason when Noah
comes in and kicks Jason into the locker before
repeatedly slamming his head against it. Vicky
runs in to break up the fight, only to get shoved
by Noah. He is pulled off by a bigger teacher.
Noah is sent to the principal's office
where Vicky, who is the vice principal,
says the school never got Noah's transcript from
his previous school because he was kicked out
for disorderly conduct. In response, Noah
calls her a "dried-up dirty f**king cunt."
Vicky raises her hand to strike him, but
he catches it. He leaves as she expels him.
Claire chaperones the fall fling and leaves
Kevin with Allie. Allie tells Claire about a
leak in the boy's bathroom. She goes to turn the
sink off and sees in big letters on the wall,
"I f**ked Claire Peterson". Noah emerges from the
darkness and tries to force himself on Claire,
only to get kicked in the beanbag. She
tells him to stay away from her and Kevin.
The next day, Claire's students
are locked out of the class.
She opens the door and looks
inside to see something awful.
She leaves her students outside and finds
hundreds of pictures all over the classroom
showing her and Noah having meat injection game,
with even more being printed out. Claire unplugs
the printer and frantically tries to get rid
of the pictures as the principal shows up.
She opens the door for the students to come in.
The principal expresses his concern over Claire's
recent behavior, and he tells her of what he heard
regarding her confrontation with Noah in the gym.
Garrett picks Kevin up from school to drive
his car home. Kevin drives it angrily, still
resentful towards his dad. He goes way too fast
and is unable to stop since the brakes are out.
Kevin nearly hits two cars until Garrett helps him
swerve into a row of water containers on the road.
Claire returns home and sees
the dent in Garrett's car.
He and Kevin don't tell Claire what happened
and assure her they're both fine. She finds them
watching TV with Noah. He follows her into the
kitchen where she tells him about the photos. He
tells her he took a video of their night together,
and if she wants it, she has to go to his house.
Claire does go over later that night,
but Noah promises to give the video
only if she continues to have another meat
injection game with him. She refuses and leaves.
Claire tells Vicky everything
and asks for her help.
She tells Claire to get into Noah's
house and find the tape herself.
Noah follows what he thinks is Claire's car, only
to see Vicky. He turns his car around, prompting
Vicky to call Claire, just as she is breaking into
Noah's house. She finds the camera hidden behind
a clock above the fireplace. She walks into the
basement and finds hundreds of pictures of herself
all over the walls. Claire looks into Noah's
laptop and finds the video and picture files.
She trashes all of it, and then spots
two other files with pictures of brakes,
implying that Noah was the one that cut the
brakes out of Garrett's car, as well as from a
minivan. Claire goes back upstairs and is startled
when Noah's uncle shows up. She runs back home.
At home, Claire calls Vicky and is
startled when the door gets banged on.
She thinks it's Noah, and Vicky tells Claire to
go to her house with Kevin. The door opens and
its just Kevin. After the ladies hang out,
Vicky gets knocked over the head by Noah.
Later that day, Claire meets with
a detective and learns that Noah's
parents were killed in a car accident
after his dad swerved into a truck.
She is taken to the remains of the car and figures
it's the same minivan listed in Noah's laptop.
That evening, Noah calls Kevin and invites him
to go over to Vicky's house. He has Vicky tied
up and gagged while he calls Claire and uses a
recording of Vicky's voice to have her come over.
Claire arrives at Vicky's house. It's
dark and the lights have been cut.
Claire gets frightened by Vicky's cat and
stumbles against the closet, which opens up
and drops out Vicky's dead body. Noah slashed her
throat. Claire screams and runs out of the house.
She calls the police, right as Noah finds her and
pulls her out of the car. She tells him she knows
he killed his parents. Noah says that he loved his
mother, but she killed herself after his father
cheated on her, and he cut the brakes of the
minivan to kill his father and the mistress.
Noah takes Claire to a barn house where he has
both Garrett and Kevin tied up. Noah threatens
to kill them both unless Claire agrees to stay
with him. She grabs a wrench and whacks him with
it. She runs over to Kevin and tries to untie him
until Noah gets up and pulls Claire away. He grabs
some kerosene and throws it all around Garrett and
Kevin. He takes out the lighter when Claire pushes
him and makes him drop it, igniting the kerosene.
The barn house starts to go up in flames.
Garrett gets himself loose and wraps the rope on
his wrists around Noah's throat. Noah gets his gun
and shoots Garrett once in the chest. Claire takes
Kevin's epipen and jabs Noah's eye. She tries to
go back and untie Kevin, but Noah continues to
fight her. She sticks her finger in his eye,
making it ooze pus and blood. Kevin breaks the
rope and whacks Noah with a block of wood, and
Noah pushes him off. He aims his gun at Kevin and
says that sometimes heroes need to make difficult
choices. Claire calls Noah and says, "You're no
hero" before pulling a switch that drops an engine
on Noah to finally kill him. Claire and Kevin pull
Garrett up and walk out of the burning barn house.
On the last scene of the movie, The
paramedics and police arrive on the scene.
They wheel Garrett into the ambulance
with Claire and Kevin riding by his side.
She continues to assure Garrett everything will
be okay and that they're finally going home.
Thanks for watching. See you in another
Movie Recap. Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE,
and click the bell icon to get
new video update.
Have a nice day.